How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

     Viewing the diff showed the lines numbers that had changed and 
     the line content before and after. Reading the line content 
     before and after allows you to spot the error and the knowing 
     the line number allows you to open the file and know what line 
     to go to.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

     You can save time for retrieving older version of your code
     when you notice you have a bug in the newer version.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions
automatically saved, like Googledocs does?

     Pros: 
     - Commits are more logically significant.
     - You can control when commits occur.
     - Because the commits have descriptions written by the authors it is easier to go back later and find the change or version you
       are looking for.

     Cons:
     - Doing each commit takes time.
     - You may forget to commit when you should do it.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiplefiles in one commit, while others, 
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

     Git is more programming oriented, where several files tend to consist one logical group. On the other hand, Google Docs is primarily
     more targeted for documents created for human readings, in which case each single file consists a meaningful piece.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

     - git log show all commits and their descriptions.
     - git diff can be used to see what has actually changed between two given commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

     Everytime you can change to an old version and check the differences.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

     I would like to try to create a repository for my principles of computer science engineering project.
